GCP Section
Q1. Steps to create VPC and subnets
Ans.
1.	For, creating VPC and subnet in GCP.
2.	Go to the VPC networks page in the Google Cloud Console.
3.	Click on Create VPC network.
4.	Give a Name for the network.
5.	Choose Custom for the Subnet creation mode.
6.	In the New subnet section, specify the following configuration parameters for a subnet:
a)	Provide a Name for the subnet.
b)	Select a Region.
c)	Enter an IP address range. (For E.g. (10.1.2.0/24))
d)	To define a secondary range for the subnet, click Create secondary IP range.
e)	Private Google access: Choose whether to enable Private Google Access for the subnet when you create it or later by editing it.
f)	Flow logs: Choose whether to enable VPC flow logs for the subnet when you create it or later by editing it.
g)	Click Done.
7.	To add more subnets, click Add subnet and repeat the previous steps.
8.	Choose the Dynamic routing mode for the VPC network.
9.	Click Create.


Q2. Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only.
Ans.
1. To create a service account the user must be granted a service account admin role or the editor primitive role
2. Open service accounts page in console
3. Click select a project and chose your project
4. Click create service account 
5. Enter name, description, role and save
6. Go to roles page 
7. Select organization
8. Create role
9. Enter name, title, description
10. Click add permissions
11. Select the GCE and GCS Services and save
12. Open IAM & Admin page
13. Select project and chose the project and click open
14. Identify the service account to add roles and click edit 
15. Select the roles.

Q3. Steps to create bucket and transfer files from local to GCS using gsutil
Ans:
1.	To create a bucket.
2.	Open Cloud Storage.
3.	Click on Create Bucket.
4.	Enter the bucket information like name, choose standard for storage class and location.
5.	Choose set object level and bucket level permissions.
6.	Click on create.
7.	To copy all my local files to the buckets (GCS).
gsutil cp -r dir gs://my-bucket

Q4. Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx.
Ans: 
NGINX is open source software for web serving, reverse proxying, caching, load balancing, media streaming, and more.
Steps are as follows:
1. Go to the VM instances page.
2. Click Create instance.
3. Specify a Name for your instance.
4. In the Container section, select the Deploy a container image to this VM instance checkbox.
5. Specify the Container image to use.
a)	For example, you can specify gcr.io/cloud-marketplace/google/nginx1:1.12 to select an NGINX 1.12 container image from Cloud Launcher.
b)	If you use a container image from Docker Hub, always specify the full Docker image name. For example, specify the following image name to deploy an Apache container image: docker.io/httpd:2.4.
6. Optionally, click advanced container options. For more information, see Configuring options to run your container.
7. Click Create to create the instance, boot the instance, and launch the container.
